Well now create the finial that will be on top of our castle.
So go ahead and zoom in then create a new layer above our roof then we'll create a circle shape and
we'll fill that in with this color
then we're going to grab this purple
and we're going to paint in the center and we want to make sure we're on a soft brush
we'll just paint that in like so
now we're going to grab a white color
and then we'll just paint a reflection on that point of the finial
.
Now let's create a new layer underneath that and using this color.
We're going to paint a vertical line going straight up.
But we want to make sure that we are on a hard brush
then we're going to grab our purple and will shrink our brush size down and we're going to paint in
the center of that line we just create.
Now we're going to warp this
so that it comes to a point like so
great.
You've just created your finial for your castle